hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a psychological thriller film: "Would You Rather"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
to care for her sick brother, Iris has to give up her study and return to her hometown
she works hard and saves up for several months
but she still can't afford the cost of his treatment for leukemia
one day she goes to meet her brother's attending doctor
because he said there is a chance that she might get a reduction of the medical expenses
when she arrives at the offices
the doctor introduces her to a local philanthropist called Shepard
Shepard is going to hold a game in his manor
he offers Iris a deal: if she can win the game
he will pay for her brother's treatment and find a bone marrow donor for him
knowing the doctor is a beneficiary of the game
Iris becomes really interested in it
but Iris still finds it a bit odd
to play it safe, she doesn't agree immediately
she needs more time to think about it
at night, while having dinner with her brother
she receives a call from the restaurant and is told her application for the job is rejected
Iris is very upset
thinking of her brother, she agrees to join the game eventually
in Shepard's view, Iris doesn't have anyone to count on and she is desperate
which makes her a perfect contestant for the game
while the doctor doesn't think Iris is suitable for the game
Iris lies to her brother, telling him she is not coming home tomorrow
the following evening, a black car takes Iris to Shepard's manor on time
when she enters the house, she sees 7 people are waiting there
the contestant Lucas and Angry Hair come up and welcome her
they helpfully introduce other people to Iris
before the game starts, Shepard warns his son not to ruin the game
after the son promises his father perfunctorily, they come to the dining table together
before the game starts, the bald butler asks them to hand in their phones and keys
then takes them to a dining room
during the dinner, Shepard learns that Iris is a vegetarian
he offers her $5000 to have one bite of the steak
at first, Iris feels humiliated and refuses
he then offers her $10000 to eat the steak and foie gras
this time Iris compromises
Shepard is happy to see Iris compromises her principles
when Shepard sees the old man doesn't drink
he asks him why
the old man tells him he used to be an alcoholic and he has been sober for 16 years
he had an accident many years ago because of drinking and he doesn't want to recall it
Shepard offers him $10000 to drink the glass of wine before him
the old man seems annoyed
Shepard then gives him another option
if he drinks the whole bottle of wine, he can get $50000
the old man is tempted
he doesn't like Shepard, but he really needs the money
so he swallows his pride and drinks the wine
now people realize Shepard takes pleasure in using money to manipulate people's choices
Shepard doesn't care how uncomfortable the guests are
he then explains the rules by taking the man in a nice necktie, a war veteran, as an example
when the necktied veteran is offered the choice to kiss either the smelly Iris
or the horny gambler attached with a sparse beard (Sparse Beard)
he has to make a choice. otherwise, he will be considered eliminated
so that is how the game is played
the contestants are given options by Shepard
if they refuse to choose, they will lose
if they are incapable of continuing the game, they will be eliminated
each round there is a time limit
they have to make their decision in 15 seconds, or they will be eliminated too
by the end of the game, there will be only one winner
Shepard tells them if they change their mind, they can quit now
the old man stands up and wants to leave
but as he looks at the money on the table, he sits down
the game officially begins
Shepard's butler presents them with an electric shock machine
the old man realizes this is not right
just when he attempts to leave, he is shot dead by the bald butler
other people didn't see this coming
they are all panic, but nobody dares to leave
they have to stay and play the game
in the first round, there are two contestants
they have to choose between shocking themselves or the other person
Angry Hair, Lucas, and Iris choose to shock themselves
while the rest choose to shock the other person
the first round finishes
Shepard lets the contestants have a break
when the group is having a discussion, Shepard's son proves them with disrespectful remarks
the necktied veteran stands up and retorts upon him
in the son's eyes, they just come here to get his family's money
so they are in no position to talk about morality
soon the second round begins
people find that the necktied veteran seems to become Shepard's target of punishment
in this round, everyone has to choose either to stab the person next to them with an ice pick
or whip the necktied veteran 3 times
they all choose to whip the necktied veteran, who looks gay a little bit
the necktied veteran is badly injured in the back
the rest of the contestants suffer great mental pressure
the necktied veteran passes out because of the pain
Sparse Beard chooses to stab the old lady, who is paralyzed
for he knows if he stabs the necktied veteran one more time, the necktied veteran may die
however, Sparse Beard hits the old lady's femoral artery by accident
he hurries to dress the cut under the guidance of others
the game continues
the old lady stabs in the thigh the girl with long whipping hair (Whipping Hair) as revenge
who shocked her in the previous round
Whipping Hair is angry, and she hits the old lady back
then, Shepard allows Whipping Hair to stab anyone
hearing this, Whipping Hair walks towards Iris, who has been protected by others
out of jealousy, she stabs Iris in the waist
Iris huddles herself up because of the pain
in the meantime, worrying about Iris's safety
the doctor comes to Shepard's manor with a weapon on his own
as the winner of the last game, the doctor is familiar with this place
and evades the security guard easily
he slips into the basement and enters the manor
Sparse Beard finds that the old lady has passed out
the bald butler checks on the old lady and realizes she dies of losing too much blood
then he takes her out of the room
Shepard blames the old lady's death on Sparse Beard
now it is Angry Hair's turn
he chooses to whip the poor necktied veteran because of his gay look
after that, the necktied veteran is removed from the game for he is dying and incapacitated
while Shepard is talking to the bald butler, Lucas indicates Iris run away in a low voice
suddenly, Lucas and Angry Hair stand up and cause distraction
Iris runs out of the dining room with the ice pick
when cornered, Angry Hair bursts into anger
but didn't expect Shepard would take out a gun and shoot him
now Angry Hair is dead, and the rest are controlled by Shepard again
Iris runs to every room, only to find that every window and door is shut
then she hides in the basement
just when she is escaping from the window,
Shepard's son appears and wants to rape the smelly Iris
Iris resists fiercely, and stabs the son in the thigh with the ice pick
but unfortunately misses his balls
the doctor hears them and comes to rescue Iris
but he is shot dead by the bald butler before he could take Iris out
Iris returns to the dining room under the bald butler's escort
the bald butler tells Shepard what his son did in the basement
after checking his damned son's wound, Shepard apologizes to Iris for the hormone assault
the third round begins
the bald butler wheels in a big barrel of water and gives everyone an envelope randomly
with an unknown punishment written inside
if they don't choose the envelope, they must choose to be submerged underwater for 2 minutes
Sparse Beard is the first to be selected by Shepard
as a gambling addict, Sparse Beard analyses Shepard's psychology with his gambling experience
and chooses the envelope decisively
his punishment is to light off a firecracker in his hand
Sparse Beard thinks he can survive this round and feels relieved
but when he sees how the firecracker is, he is scared
to prevent him from releasing the firecracker
the bald butler wraps the firecracker to his left hand in tape
with an explosion, his left hand is blown up
Sparse Beard dies of a heart attack caused by the shock
the next one is Lucas
considering there is no way he can hold his breath for 2 minutes
Lucas chooses to open the envelope
on the card, there is a picture of an eye
so Shepard asks him to blind one of his eyes
Lucas can't accept such a harsh punishment
however, he has no other choice
but to cut his eye with a blade with the bald butler's gun pointing at him
Lucas screams in pain and finishes his round
Iris is not the gambling type
so she chooses the barrel challenge
the bald butler starts the timer, then pushes Iris's head into the cold water
Iris tries her best to hold on and thinks of the dream her brother shared with her
her brother's soft words echo in her ear and calm her down
Iris survives the challenge, which impresses Shepard a lot
out of curiosity, Lucas opens Iris's envelope
her punishment was to have all of her teeth extracted
hearing that, Iris finds herself lucky to make the right decision
as the last contestant, Whipping Hair opens her envelope
there is a barrel pattern on the card with a number 4 on it
which means she has to be submerged underwater for 4 minutes
when the challenge finishes, Whipping Hair is not breathing
now there are two contestants left, Lucas and Iris, in the final round
the bald butler flips a coin to decide who goes first
Iris gets the chance to choose first
she can choose to either end the game and leave with Lucas empty-handed
or shoot Lucas to win the game
in this case, her brother can get the chance for treatment
and she can get a large sum of money
realizing his life is in her hands, Lucas begs Iris to listen to the reason why he came here
however, when Lucas begins to say he has 3 younger sisters to care for
Iris, who has been silent, suddenly shoots him before he can finish his wordy smelly manshit
Lucas dies, and everyone applauses for Iris
Shepard promises that he will arrange an operation for her brother this week
and sees her off warmly
exhausted, Iris returns home with the prize
she has a shower, trying to wash away her tiredness and sin
the next morning however, Iris discovers her brother killed himself by overdosing on pills
as he didn't want to be a burden for Iris any longer
Iris cries and loses herself in endless pain
this's Daniel CC movie channel, Bye